== yes ==

an ugly'ish simple website with one picture, the readme :)

more massive renamings everywhere? sane USB, ask melissa why not :P
	
"fake/real'ish launch/easy adv."

configurable global options, just for current behavior
  a way to show how long I can record for based on my disk space? It would be nice if it tells me based on this configuration you have 2 days recording or 2 hrs, etc then I can select my settings better. 

fix icon

the auto-start option, I constantly seem to wish for it...
  
== maybes/next ups/maybes ==

setup my network cam, since I do want it...

a youtube showing you how to use it/set it up...

employ neighbor for real-er website?
  
archive 1 frame/2.5s ? lesser res? high q, high cpu?
  I *think* I wanted this? for discovering when the helmet was moved? hmm...except I couldn't see it well though...  

make it work with 2 dshow, same name (higher prio when somebody mentions it)

on "go to confused" send an email...?

== maybes/nevers ==

configurable "x days" instead of x bytes?

specify -vfr, and it can use it for variable frameraters :)
  can this work around MJPEG input woze somehow?

it can take 30 fps network camera, and just record at 5 fps.  We don't allow that today...

check what type of streaming ispy does...
  do I need...upnp? does it do its own?

if it's too black, don't pass the frame through?  I shouldn't be at 500 kbps at night, really, right?...

can record "native mjpeg -> store the mjpeg"
  can record "native h264 -> store the h264"

tell them how much space they're using, how long till it will start archiving...

instead of every pixel type imaginable in the dropdown, just say high quality, medium, low. and an option for compressed and 
  uncompressed and another option for advanced settings where someone who knows more on this or cares can go and pick other options. 

individual camera configs for whta are now global
  
try to get "zero down time" between ffmpeg's more...though we're possibly all right now :)
  did I want bigger captures, anyway?

test electric usages...

configurable archive 1/2.5s, high...

check if -qscale hurts us cpu-wise too much... [?]

can specify "record just this square of it"
  with occasional full snapshots [?]

preview camera angle on a url when the url is bad "just hangs forever seemingly"

a way to recycle space. say I record only the last three days and erase anything older

can stream to ustream too :)
 "super easy ustream setup" LOL

when they give a url, check it "looks sane" and 2, the port seems accessible ... :) yeah, uh huh...yeah...right...
  at startup check again :)

individually toggleable on/off (or at least status "this one's not recording yet!") 
  "disable" option

auto start again <sniff> installer

"super easy" android...like it knows this or that (one is on github, yes?, you register your phone, it "just knows" somehow, or broadcasts it LOL)

a "vlc broadcast webcam" option somehow LOL (maybe its own button?)
  heck it could record, too :)

bundle with a screen capture recorder too LOL

screen capture recorder ffplay freezes on close?

super simplify so people *can't* misunderstand this baad boy...

handle unplugged devices at all :)

add version to window title :)
  consolidate VERSION

add button "do one time recording"
  with live preview, of course LOL :)

record audio too "with a legal warning" :)

a preview window then you can take snapshots of that :)

get "current time" from an ntp server, for higher...accuracy?

make process priority a user option

show image jpegs to let you pick which device more trivially

prompt to start after camera add

warn if it's "already running" and they re-start another instance...
  single file, no communication :)
  
put latest snapshot jpeg in the GUI itself

don't just reveal the captured snapshot, play it in ffplay for them prolly
  or is  my explorer reveal good enough? probably want something better...
  
for recordings, play them in...something awesome somehow? since VLC chokes on some files? maybe?

an option to specify "it goes down to 5 fpx, but I want to actually record at like 1"

do we need vlc for them to play these recordings?
  maybe warn if they don't have it? redirect them to get it the first time?

add mucho specs for the GUI everywhere LOL [with a fake ffmpeg exe LOL]

can select by GUID's, to avoid order changing :)
  remember aliases even after removed...

is my "preview capture end quality" actually accurate today, even at the end?

"preview capture end quality" popup should wait until ffmpeg exits, then reveal the file...

show stats "this many kbps currently, this many total saved, this many total days worth"

it says "unknown publisher" in the installer

keep running optionally after they click 'close' accidentally...
	
detect when ffmpeg's die prematurely--it means your state should change to "stopped"!
  detect early death like..they shouldn't die in 2 minutes only...but I've never run into that too much without it restarting and also immediately dying...

for background start don't show balloon [?]
  maybe ok

windows service option?
  
(handle crossbar et al)  

options
  folder, priority, disk space ... bits per second ("days worth, see other entry")
  
change any error messages that say "ffmpeg" :)

assert they use/have unique names for each camera

the interface is too cluttered when you have multiple cameras...plus some "even more advanced" things might be nice to show/set, per camera, like weird options like vlc [?]

add "recent images" to the UI--the images themselves...

only record the jpg's when...the thing is up?

optionally delete recordings on uninstall?

tell them it seems to report current time poorly with -r 1/10 out.jpeg [?] it gets way ahead? like 20 s?
  
more user feedback

can make it less grainy... (which is a symptom of not enough light, or so I'm told...)
  ask ffmpeg?
  does this show up in the recordings?
    it probably has at least some effect...mpeg4video is massively trying to catch all these blips :)
	is it less with less webcam resolution?
	
better windows 7 "group" icon [yikes]

a "photobooth" equivalent :)
  add weird optional effects to it, too :)
  the ideal would be an "inline" image of it for preview, and/or for recording, too! [teeny jpg's might actually not be too much/too expensive, I wonder...]
  
make it so you can record your desktop...umm...like one snap every minute [?] etc.

integrate VAC LOL

make ffplay come up faster
  this may be impossible, maybe show a splash screen...maybe ffmpeg's ffplay show a splash screen?
  
add an exit button...

make it so it works with devices with same name
  it...should...also allow it to record simultaneously from both [possible bug]

can upload to ustream.tv [cuh-razy]

email ability once a week?
  just use wimpy encryption LOL

do the jpg snapshots cheapen?...

don't show "snapshot" button when it can't actually show one...like it's recording [?]
  some other buttons need to be 'sensitie'

warn when device *disappears* from computer...
  warn when ffmpeg exits early, always...

allow setting bitrate, show it "how many days worth" it plans on being able to add, based on bitrate [?]
  allow setting size to save
  allow setting q value instead of bitrate?

auto adjust bitrate for different incoming sizes?
  
  don't let preview while running
    button awesome notifier :P
	
the "fake pan/zoom"...how does logitech seem to accomplish this, anyway?

hqdn3d to accomodate for all those freaky blips/trees swaying?
  what do others use?

check how much power/%cpu various things use...

cpu benchmark various codecs
  let them choose/decide one?
  mjpeg cpu/size ?

preview *while* record button

"obscure a section" option
  crop a section?

daily email...

SGC add sensitivities.

fix that it doesn't/didn't allow recording from both, same name, simultaneously?  

fix FFmpeg not enumerating right

can "email you when it doesn't record" (google script?)

SMS/MMS/email alerts on motion detected.

test what "8 input" video capture cards are in windows--crossbar?

bucket by month/year?

allow for re-compression instead of deletion [?]
  640x480, 0.5/s ? hmm

optional time lapse over weeks?

option for how frequently to slice the video files
  possibly hard slice them around noon, anyway?

after doing a recording, high quality compress it optionally?
  
take out some button I never use [?]

give an option for "just save the mjpeg stream, to save cpu!"

query for devices when startup...
  
beta launch/test with people

submit cnet [?]

screen cast

web page

ask users what they want...

SDL out option
  fix it in doze :P

test/work with h264 native input...

maybe SDL out can be made "reveal the window only if such and such a file exists" or the like...dynamic...
  probably don't need this if "normal" SDL out picture can be made to work...

little picture next to each camera line of latest snapshot :)

with motion detect have a low fps optionally going as well always

can overlay an image

send an email on motion detect/allow them to view the stream somehow...
  ustream seems *perfect* for this...

more youtube's of how to do various things...

my own dyndns server LOL
  but ustream...
  
"ftp upload" of snaps, or able to specify a directory for snap, a la dropbox

more status updates "just finished this file..."

fix ffmpeg dshow 65536 thinger...

allow for streaming through VLC, too?
  with uPnP LOL
  password protect (nginx/apache container/forwarder?)

stream surveillance to justin.tv? youtube?
  
Linux version v4l2 uh guess LOL.

OS X version (umm...uh...well...url's we could do easily umm...)

there is some "flutter" in the picture maybe I can get rid of it to saev on file size?

overlay "user specifiable" text

"awesome" motion detection that's not awful to set up like most...

clean up my hacky preview hard thread exit

real good looking website...hmm...at least like yawcam

some type of alerting system/email on change detection, et al.

ask for user feedback

"reveal current video" button per camera...
  or better yet, please fix SDL out...

"show video recordings" shouldn't be enabled if you don't have any

start capture button should be disabled until you add something LOL.

preview capture title window say "NOT RECORDING YET"

SDL out in conjunction seems popular so you can watch it while it's getting started.

bump ffmpeg version...if this one doesn't do pix_fmt ...
  once I care about format
  if it works with vcodec
  
able to input "-vcodec h264"
  vcodec copy?
  
mac version (does mac work with my webcams anyway?)
  just network cams initially

don't be afraid to spend for this project! yes!

some system that "tracks when yours goes offline" (pings?)
  maybe it pings some central server...

system tray
can interrupt it with q, to be able to preview at least.

really all I need is a "normal" and a "view while" version [VLC]

it should survive a camera being pulled out...
  
motion detect ffmpeg filter, I think
 
options: email on low disk ?

someway to ping online "hey this thing isn't working right now!"
  maybe system tray that emails on failure for now...
  
"if too dark, ignore frame"?
  but you'd assume this is using "most" of your disk space, so this would be rarely useful
  motion detect would be better...
  
disk space -- force keep x days worth [?]
cover flow-ish...
  
uPnP for the outer viewable fella
  my site to lookup their external IP
  my site to redirect automagically to whatever's configured...
  password protect somehow?
    apache .htaccess local forwarder LOL
  security later :P
    
make it into a windows service
  startup item more like it.

warn on failure (camera disappeared/already in use)
  email
  popup
  red system tray icon
  
can specify motion detect zones
  trapezoid
  jruby gui specifier :P
some way to monitor it, like view thw two... maybe fork it to rtp?

installer is a big large of a download [?]

